h1. learnyt

lean and smart e-learning platform.

h2. About learnyt

learnyt is a e-learning platform providing:

learnyt is built on "Ruby On Rails":http://www.rubyonrails.org and released as "Open Source":http://www.opensource.org.

h2. Documentation

Documentation is maintained in a "Wiki":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/learnyt/wiki.

h2. Contributing

Code is available at "github":http://github.com/huerlisi/learnyt.

Issue tracking is done using "Redmine":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/learnyt/issues.

To get an idea on what we're currently focus on visit the "Roadmap":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/learnyt/roadmap.

h2. License

Read the "human-readable summary":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/GPL/2.0 to get an idea
of your right to use this software.

Copyright 2010 Simon Hürlimann <simon.huerlimann@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010 Ramon Egloff <ramon.egloff@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010 Roman Simecek <roman.simecek@cyt.ch>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301,
USA.

